here's how easy it is to assemble the
tailgater start by removing the two
cotter pins that hold the straps around
the tubes
put the straps and cotter pins back over
the posts so they'll be easy to retrieve
when you have finished drilling now take
the valve housing from the stainless
steel tray remember to put the strap and
pins back over their posts take the tube
with a large hole in the end and fit it
into the hitch of your vehicle be sure
to use the large pin that holds the ball
in the hitch to secure the tailgater to
the hitch next insert the tube without
the plate into the large opening at the
end of the tube secure the tubes
together with the spring detent pin the
tube with the attached plate is the last
tube to be placed in position fit the
end of this tube into the large opening
on - - and secure it with a spring
detent pin now you're ready to install
the tailgater to the mounting assembly
place the tailgater on top of the plate
on the tool make sure the plate lines up
with the bracket that's welded to the
tailgater push the tailgater onto the
plate you'll hear a click which tells
you that the tailgater is securely
mounted place the two tabs on the top
edge of the valve housing into the two
slots on the front of the tailgater at a
45-degree angle you'll notice that the
ends of the two brass valves line up
with the holes in front of the
tailgaters also a red silicone tube fits
over the end of the electrode that's
secured in the tailgater make sure each
piece fits into place
you will hear a distinctive snap when
the valves and silicone tube are
properly seated
hook your propane tank for the tailgater
by tightening the hand nut to the tank
you are now ready to light the tailgater
make sure that the valves on the
tailgater are in the closed or off
position open the valve on the propane
tank and check for leaks you can do this
with a small spray bottle filled with
half water and half liquid soap break
each area where there is a connection if
no bubbles appear your grill is leak
free and ready to use
turn the right knob to the low setting
on the valve housing this setting is
located at approximately 11 o'clock then
press the red ignition button until the
burner ignites if it does not right in 5
seconds turn the knob to the off
position wait one minute and repeat this
step once the right burner has been lit
turn the knob on the left burner to the
low setting the burner will ignite on
its own select your desired temperature
with the knobs on the front of the grill
then start cooking the tailgaters grill
surface is 24 inches wide at 16 inches
deep above the same size as most home
grills
the large grill surface allows you to
cook a variety of different foods at the
same time the tailgater is easy to clean
simply spray oven cleaner on the
stainless steel parts and follow the
cleaner manufacturer's directions
to disassemble and store the tailgater
after cleaning first make sure the
propane tank valve is turned off unscrew
the hose assembly from the propane tank
again making sure the valve is closed
then place the burners back in there
clips there is a left and right burner
each burner has a series of holes across
the top of the burner when placing
burners back in their position ensure
that these holes are on top next replace
the radiant plate each radiant has a
notch in the front for burner placement
simply put the radiant in place and use
the stainless steel clip to secure it to
the post the grill surface fits over the
radiance the small extensions on the
grill fit inside these notches next
place this tray on the grill surface
ensuring that the taps fit inside the
same holes used for the grill surface
you can now disassemble the tubes pull
the spring detent pin holding tubes two
and three do the same for tubes one and
two remove the large pin holding two one
in the receiver place the tube with the
attached plate on top of the two pins on
the tray the two holes in this tube
should line up with the posts place the
second and third tubes alongside of the
first tube use the straps to hold the
tubes together and secure with cotter
pins place the valve housing on the tray
prior to installing a strap place the
two spring detent pins used to hold the
tubes together over one of the posts use
the strap to hold the housing in place
and secure with cotter pins wrap the
hose around the tubes close the lid and
latch it you are finished
use the tailgater for any gathering
where people like to cook outside
football games from pro to college to
peewee NASCAR racing camping and fishing
cross-country travel or even a driveway
cookout the tailgater from Blue Ridge
Mountain cookery will give your
customers pleasure for years to come
if you have any questions about the
tailgaters refer to the manufacturer's
instructions or call Blue Ridge Mountain
cookery incorporated 1/800 cookers you
can also check the Blue Ridge Mountain
cookery website at www.att.com/biz